New related work sections (#31)
MrLongbottom/P9-Rapport: sections/related_works.tex

These combinations are evaluated against information retrieval baselines such as BM25\cite{bm251996}.

> While our method in some ways will be similar to the work of \citeauthor{Tang2008} and \citeauthor{yang2009topic}, our method will have a significant change of working with a new data set consisting of articles without explicit edges, namely news articles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While our method in some ways will be similar to the work of \citeauthor{Tang2008} and \citeauthor{yang2009topic}, our method will have a significant change of working with a new data set consisting of documents without explicit connections between documents, namely news articles.
```

> While our method in some ways will be similar to the work of \citeauthor{Tang2008} and \citeauthor{yang2009topic}, our method will have a significant change of working with a new data set consisting of documents without explicit connections between documents, namely news articles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While our method in some ways will be similar to the work of \citeauthor{Tang2008} and \citeauthor{yang2009topic}, our method will have a significant change of working with a new dataset consisting of documents without explicit connections between documents, namely news articles.
```
